README.md, before:

# Manduca WordPress Theme - focus on accessibility
Contributors: 
- [Zsolt Edelényi] (http://www.akadálymentes-honlap.hu) - edelenyi.zsolt@akadalymentes-honlap.hu
- [Áron Ócsvári] (http://www.oaron.hu) - oaron1@gmail.com

Requires at least: WordPress 3.5

Tested up to: WordPress 4.3.3

Stable tag: 2.0.4

License: GPLv2 or later

License URI: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html

Image licence: http://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG2-Conformance


## Description
    This theme is focusing on accessibility by the wildest range of users. This is called defined as universal access as well. It should uses by websites, which wants to comply with WEB content accessiblilty guidelines (WCAG 2.0.). In addition, there are features to support even more the impaired users of the web. 

## Main features

    - Responsive of course,
    - WAI ARIA used for screen-reader users.
    - Classic ergonomy (simplicity, readiblity, usability, etc.)
    - Tested with older browsers and without JavaScript.
    - Microfomats
    - Focus snail to improve focus changes for visualy impairment people,
    - Tested with all kind of screen-readers used in Hungary
    - HTML and CSS code is shortened in order people with slower internet bandwith can use effectively. 

## Installation

1. In your admin panel, go to Appearance -> Themes and click the 'Add New' button.
2. Type in Manduca in the search form and press the 'Enter' key in your keyboard.
3. Click on the 'Activate' button to use your new theme right away.
4. Navigate to Appearance > Customize in your admin panel.

## Licences

This theme is 100% GPL. And any external resources used and bundled with the theme are also Fully Compatible with the GPL.

1. Font Awesome
	- Code under MIT License
	- Font under SIL OFL 1.1 
	- http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/
2. Focus Snake
    - Code under MIT Licence
    - https://github.com/NV/focus-snail

Manduca WordPress Theme, Copyright 2015 Zsolt Edelényi 
Manduca is Distributed under the terms of the GNU GPL

## FAQ

### Why you developed a new theme if there is so many professional ones on the web?
This is one of the few themes which are focusing on universal access that is accessibility. In addition, this theme includes Hungarian translation and readme, which is also unique. 
### Why it is important that your theme should be accessible by all kind of people? 
Tim Berners-Lee said:
> The power of the Web is in its universality. Access by everyone regardless of disability is an essential aspect.
(https://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Tim_Berners-Lee)

## Change log
 
### 1.0
 Released April 24, 2015.
 Only for testing and private usage
 
### 2.0
 Released November 26, 2015. Tested by WordPress Theme Standards
 
 
## Special Acknowledgement

I wish to convey special thanks to my wife: Nóra and friends: János and Áron who tested my themes many times. They gave me so many feedback on my work and helped me to improve Manduca. 
I have to express my appreciation to Blair in Cameroon, who reviewed my theme so many times,  and contributed to form a messy theme to a professional one.

Commit message:

Links to Hungarian sources
This theme is coming from Hungary.

README.md, after:

# Manduca WordPress Theme - focus on accessibility
Contributors: 
- [Zsolt Edelényi] (http://www.akadálymentes-honlap.hu) - edelenyi.zsolt@akadalymentes-honlap.hu
- [Áron Ócsvári] (http://www.oaron.hu) - oaron1@gmail.com

Requires at least: WordPress 3.5

Tested up to: WordPress 4.3.3

Stable tag: 2.0.4

License: GPLv2 or later

License URI: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html

Image licence: http://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG2-Conformance

Originated from  Hungarian. Hungarian description and po file included.
Further reading in Hungarian: http://www.akadalymentes-webdesign.hu/teljesen-akadalymentes-wordpress-sablon-manduca/


## Description
    This theme is focusing on accessibility by the wildest range of users. This is called defined as universal access as well. It should uses by websites, which wants to comply with WEB content accessiblilty guidelines (WCAG 2.0.). In addition, there are features to support even more the impaired users of the web. 

## Main features

    - Responsive of course,
    - WAI ARIA used for screen-reader users.
    - Classic ergonomy (simplicity, readiblity, usability, etc.)
    - Tested with older browsers and without JavaScript.
    - Microfomats
    - Focus snail to improve focus changes for visualy impairment people,
    - Tested with all kind of screen-readers used in Hungary
    - HTML and CSS code is shortened in order people with slower internet bandwith can use effectively. 

## Installation

1. In your admin panel, go to Appearance -> Themes and click the 'Add New' button.
2. Type in Manduca in the search form and press the 'Enter' key in your keyboard.
3. Click on the 'Activate' button to use your new theme right away.
4. Navigate to Appearance > Customize in your admin panel.

## Licences

This theme is 100% GPL. And any external resources used and bundled with the theme are also Fully Compatible with the GPL.

1. Font Awesome
	- Code under MIT License
	- Font under SIL OFL 1.1 
	- http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/
2. Focus Snake
    - Code under MIT Licence
    - https://github.com/NV/focus-snail

Manduca WordPress Theme, Copyright 2015 Zsolt Edelényi 
Manduca is Distributed under the terms of the GNU GPL

## FAQ

### Why you developed a new theme if there is so many professional ones on the web?
This is one of the few themes which are focusing on universal access that is accessibility. In addition, this theme includes Hungarian translation and readme, which is also unique. 
### Why it is important that your theme should be accessible by all kind of people? 
Tim Berners-Lee said:
> The power of the Web is in its universality. Access by everyone regardless of disability is an essential aspect.
(https://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Tim_Berners-Lee)

## Change log
 
### 1.0
 Released April 24, 2015.
 Only for testing and private usage
 
### 2.0
 Released November 26, 2015. Tested by WordPress Theme Standards
 
 
## Special Acknowledgement

I wish to convey special thanks to my wife: Nóra and friends: János and Áron who tested my themes many times. They gave me so many feedback on my work and helped me to improve Manduca. 
I have to express my appreciation to Blair in Cameroon, who reviewed my theme so many times,  and contributed to form a messy theme to a professional one.
